doctor gave me the news
many people think a trip to the dentist
is all about your teeth but healthy gums
are just as important for Rocio her gums
are not only a health issue but an
embarrassing problem as well when people
think of me probably the first thing
that comes to their mind is my smile and
my laughter underneath my smile there
are a lot of insecurities learn to smile
just showing half of my teeth that's all
I hide I noticed my gums were receding
about five years ago I have straight
teeth
but like gums are really bad I have
asked the dentist do I have gum disease
and he's the nose from over brushing and
brushing too hard and I caused a lot of
damage to my teeth it does bother me a
lot my daughters getting married in May
we're gonna be taking a lot of pictures
but I want to smile really nice for my
daughter's wedding I want to express my
happiness through my smile
now since Rocio worked in a dentist's
office she knew she had to fix her gummy
problem but the thought of skin grafting
surgery was just too daunting that's why
she opted for a brand new procedure
hello we'll see you all along hi Ann how
are you today good bye tomorrow the gums
will be right about here a Pinot gum
rejuvenation is the first minimally
invasive technique to restore receiving
gums without the gum graft with this
procedure we can move gums to its normal
position without cutting or stitching
all through a tiny little pinhole where
bottle start the procedure with a
pinhole arrived at this point on number
6 and this is the instrument that I use
to go through the pinhole I'm loosening
the gum from the attachments to the bone
underneath into the root underneath and
we're just kind of gliding it down now
I'm going to move to another two now I'm
using a longer instrument so that I can
reach Rocio crack team it's going pretty
quick the pinhole will disappear in 24
hours this is all one session and I'm
going to be done with the right side
pretty soon now I'm going to put another
pin hole right over the upper-left
cusper and we have about three more
teeth to go
and moving to us the last two teeth so
far I've used only two pinholes now
we're ready to put the collagen strips
in between the teeth and then we'll be
done the collagen strips will keep the
gums from going back up now the gums are
right where it belongs we're doing in 57
minutes we'll do 10 teeth looks really
nice there'll be a total change ready
yeah oh my god that's way different
ratio and here with us today and that
was an emotional moment for you was it
it's amazing I can't believe it
you show that smile off just smile at
that camera because this is a
transformation orgy on just a healthy
mouth this is emotionally a big deal for
you
Wow you know you know it's amazing is
that you know we're taught to brush our
teeth twice a twice a day right and but
we're never taught about like how hard
or soft to brush your teeth and you know
gum recession is a serious thing and
people get confused because you want to
prevent cavities and yet you can't over
brush them because then you can cause
gum recession Russia owes dr. dr. John
Chow is joining us now on the phone and
dr. Chad this is something that you came
up with and it seems too good to be true
in a way because you're essentially
pulling down the gums and within an hour
or so you have treated the receding
gumline walk us through exactly what you
were doing during the procedure
I went from be at the top of the tooth
in the area where the tissue is very
soft but very very pliable and it is
full of collagen so I went through there
with that with a pinhole and then I
basically disengaged the tissue from the
underlying bone and then I was able then
to basically drape the the gums down to
where I wanted to go and then and then I
stabilized it with the collagen strips
and put it between the teeth
and that's about it so the secret is to
go from or Safi it went easier there was
easier to approach the tooth well black
your child thank you so very much for
sharing this with us really wish you the
best of luck and everyone at home
remember it's a fine line between
healthy clean teeth and over brushing
with hard bristles so be careful use a
soft toothbrush and if you see receding
gumline taking shape is another reason
to visit your dentist a couple of times
a year to make sure you can stop
problems before they become big problems
let's see what's coming up now